Air Domain
EDIT
DELETE
This Subclass cannot be shared with the community for the following reasons:
This homebrew Subclass has data mapped to it that is licensed content or private homebrew. This typically occurs when licensed or private homebrew spells are linked to the Subclass.
Remember, private homebrew is automatically shared with other users in your campaigns and does not need to be shared with the community for players to access.
Cleric
Base Class:
Cleric
Members of Akadi’s clergy emulate their god’s nature, seeking freedom and travel, going where and when their whims take them. They chafe at restrictions, seeking to escape the confinement of any boundaries, borders or externally imposed limitations.

Prohibition of Akadi
Also at 1st level, you are forbidden from casting spells that create or manipulate the element of earth or stone. These spells can’t be prepared by you. If a spell can generate both earth and stone and other elemental effects—such as conjure minor elementals—you can prepare and cast the spell but you are prohibited from using its earth or stone variables.

In addition, if you use any magic item associated with earth or stone, you suffer disadvantage on all saving throws for 24 hours. Instances of forbidden item use extend the duration from the point of last use. However, you can be the recipient of spells and effects of earth and stone from the actions of others without penalty.

Bonus Language
When you choose this domain at 1st level, you learn the Primordial language.

Blessing of Akadi
Starting at 1st level, you are blessed by the Lady of Air. When you fall a distance greater than 10 feet, you can choose to expend your reaction to cast feather fall without expending a spell slot, except that it only affects you.

Once you use this feature, you can’t use it again until you finish a long rest.

In addition, air elementals and elemental creatures associated with air treat you as the same creature type. This doesn’t guarantee cooperation, merely recognition.

Channel Divinity: Fury of Wind
Beginning at 2nd level, as an action, you present your holy symbol and release a powerful blast of wind from the Elemental Plane of Air. All creatures in a 30-foot cone, starting from your symbol, must make a Strength saving throw. Creatures take bludgeoning damage equal to 2d6 + your cleric level and are knocked prone on a failed saving throw, or half as much damage and retain their footing on a successful one.

A creature that has total cover from you is unaffected.

Light as a Feather
Beginning at 6th level, you gain advantage on Dexterity saving throws.

Potent Spellcasting
Starting at 8th level, you add your Wisdom modifier to the damage you deal with any cleric cantrip.

Ascension
At 17th level, you have a flying speed equal to your current walking speed whenever you aren’t underground or indoors.